#summary The right way to integrate custom.css in Magento.
#labels Featured
= How to best integrate {{{custom.css}}} in Magento =
One can easily be tempted to download this {{{custom.css}}} file and then directly overwrite the custom.css file in the {{{skin/adminhtml/default/default}}} directory. <br />  
Please *resist this urge*, you will regret this later, for it will not survive any updates of [http://www.magentocommerce.com/wiki/ Magento]. <br />  
The easiest way to build *_your own custom admin theme module_* in Magento is:
  # Download [http://inchoo.net/author/weiler/ Ivan Weiler’s]  {{{admintheme_example.rar}}} from [http://inchoo.net/ecommerce/magento/custom-admin-theme-in-magento/ inchoo.net]. 
  # Follow the instructions on [http://inchoo.net/ecommerce/magento/custom-admin-theme-in-magento/ this blog post]: where to copy the files.
  # Make also a custom theme folder in: {{{skin/adminhtml/default/}}}  -> *your-theme*
  # Rename the {{{custom-0.1.css}}} file to {{{custom.css}}}, and copy the file to the *_your-theme_* folder; the one that you just created.
  # When done correctly a “Admin Theme” option will appear in Magento Admin Panel -> System -> Configuration -> General -> Design (Default Config scope). Just fill in the name of your theme there.
== Extra options == 
  * Create an *images folder* in *_your-theme_* folder. For the {{{custom.css}}} stylesheet I replaced some of the default UI icons with some fresher looking ones. They're from an iconset named [http://p.yusukekamiyamane.com/ Fugue icons], and made by Yusuke Kamiyamane: exceptionally well-thought-out and craftily executed icons.
  * Create a *type folder* in *_your-theme_* folder. The [http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/Luxi-Sans Luxi-Sans@fontface kit] that is referred to in the stylesheet can be downloaded at fontsquirrel.

=== Details ===
  * Sample
  * Current and first version: 0.1 - _March 2011_
by [http://www.atelierbramdehaan.nl/ Atelier Bram de Haan]